Neopaisley is a general shape-grammar based geometric composition building system.

The composition is a tree of nesting shapes
Each shape comprehensively differentiated by its children, puzzlewise.
A shape can have a single outer edge, thus it is a Polygon.
Or, a shape can have a single outer edge and 1..n inner edges (holes), thus it is a Yard.
Our composition building process goes like this
  1. Given a shape
  2. Get a transform (called a Jig)
  3. Use the transform to get child shapes for that shape
  4. Repeat for all shapes, recursively, until satisfied

--------------------------

We have an engine (or several engines) for working with shapes and jigs

shapes and jigs use the shape and jig interface


We abide by the dot-stripe composition paradigm
(or you could say it's inevitable and implicit)
Which is to say, our development transform takes 2 forms.
  Stripe : section the target shape into stripe-sections
  Dot : create a pattern of islands within the target shape, polkadots or whatever freestanding sections, untouching the target edge/s.

It is pluginnable.
  Our engine will take a jig-source that we can query for CJig class objects. Query by tag-string.
  


It is an engine wor working with a a certain kind of shape and a shape-operator.

The shape is an object that implements interface CShape

The operator is an object that implements interface CJig

We build trees of shapes by 
1. apply a jig to a root-shape, thus producing new shapes.  
2. apply jigs to those new shapes, thus producing new shapes 
3. and so on.

interface CShape implements TreeNode,Tagged{
  
  List<Edge> getEdges();
  getTagsetc
  getAttribute(String key,Object thing)

} 

A CShape with only one edge is a polygon
A CShape with 2..n edges is a yard
  The first edge being its outer edge and the others being holes 

interface CEdge{

  List<Point2D> getPoints();

}

interface CJig{
  
  List<CShape> spawn(CShape target);

}

interface CJigSource{

  CJig getJig(CShape shape,String filter)

}

filter is a list of tags. Get only jigs that have tags contained in tagfilter string. Is this too primitive?

